hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhiijjfklajkhgaieriohkdhakjhgiuaerlyiahrkhgkjdhjkahfy4ewiuyhiahfdkjhfiauy4987893yh4ihkahdfkjdhsiuyf87e4ryhfijahdjkshfkjasdyf76ew78yijhfkjashdfuyd7f6e87rytiuhajdhfuiat676478yiuahkfjdhajtf7d5a7ewtuihafkjhakjsdgfuatf7er6tiuhgkjahkjdhfi68736847y5ihkhjghaiuyfr8eyihgjkhakjgdfkjhgklahiyg8aerhtkjhgkjdghuytf87erghjkbga;jheiufhurejhgvkzjdfhkjghk;sjhglksdjglkhjsiu5isoghlksfdhbiypbwhrknvk;zhfkjhkshgkshfgkjshfdgkjhskjdfhgkjshfkjshdfjkhgkjfdhkjshdfgjyeisurytiuhkrhgoriwuyt9pw48uijglsjglkfdhjisuf89tyuoitkrjnrlkgjaoiufh98rtsuoyijnlksjifuhis free online class on machine learning. Machine learning is one of the most exciting recent technologies. And in this class, you learn about the state of the art and also gain practice implementing and deploying these algorithms yourself. You've probably use a learning algorithm dozens of times a day without knowing it. Every time you use a web search engine like Google or Bing to search the internet, one of the reasons that works so well is because a learning algorithm, one implemented by Google or Microsoft, has learned how to rank web pages. Every time you use Facebook or Apple's photo typing application and it recognizes your friends' photos, that's also machine learning. Every time you read your email and your spam filter saves you from having to wade through tons of spam email, that's also a learning algorithm. For me one of the reasons I'm excited is the AI dream of someday building machines as intelligent as you or me. We're a long way away from that goal, but many AI researchers believe that the best way to towards that goal is through learning algorithms that try to mimic how the human brain learns. I'll tell you a little bit about that too in this class. In this class you learn about state-of-the-art machine learning algorithms. But it turns out just knowing the algorithms and knowing the math isn't that much good if you don't also know how to actually get this stuff to work on problems that you care about.
jkjkjkjkkjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj
jjjhhhhhhkasjdkljflkasdjkfuaoiueiohnkfnmdnvkjady98uio4hjklnfdkjhalkhoi4uy98ijalkfjdsklafh9a87w983hjkHWDKHFADISYF89W7A9Y4UHKHAKJDHFJKHIUY873HI4JHKLJKJkjkjahfkhfhiuhejhnjkhakjsdhfkjhaiuyiur4hrkjhakjdhfkjfayiuayeiutyih
dfdfdfdf
